

THASYA HARSHA SHETTY
thasya.shetty_asp25@ashoka.edu.in, 22 years
8886557272
EDUCATION
B.Sc in BiologyAshoka UniversityAshoka University2024
3.77 /4.0
CGPA
CLASS XII in SCIENCENasr SchoolICSE2021344/500
CLASS XNasr SchoolICSE2019534/600
2024Magna Cum Laude | Ashoka University
 Awarded to the top 15% of my graduating class for maintaining a high CGPA of 3.77 / 4.0 = 94%
AWARDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS
PROCELL BIOLOGICS PVT LTD | Business AnalystJul 2024 - Aug 2024
PRAKRUTI LIFE SCIENCE PVT. LTD. | R&D and QualityJun 2024 - Jul 2024
ASHOKA UNIVERSITY | Data Science in Health InformaticsDec 2023 - Jan 2024
NATIONAL BRAIN RESEARCH CENTRE | Neuroscience Research AssistantMay 2023 - Aug 2023
ASHOKA UNIVERSITY | Neuroscience Research AssistantJan 2022 - Nov 2023
 
Collaborated with Managing Director Satish Makkina on comprehensive revenue report for key biosimilars of the company.
Independently produced a global biosimilar market report, and a wound healing market report to assist the CRO division of the company supervised by Mr.
Geetha Reddy, in the business development department and submitted to the company's consultant. 
 
Partnered with the R&D team to drive innovative solutions.
Executed rigorous quality assurance testing of their products.
 
Researched the Healthcare Data Analytics sector in the USA (Stanford University) and India.
Collaborated with Max Hospitals and MyHealthcare to gain industry insights and drive innovation.
 
Facilitated the production of over 60 protein replicates and collaborated with the laboratory team to explore neuron mechanisms
 
Constructed hardware setup for Dr. Krishna Melnattur's lab, enabling fruitflies to interact with a treadmill based on visual stimuli.
Configured initial software framework to facilitate data transfer and analysis from the treadmill setup.
Project goal: Map fruitfly movement patterns in response to visual cues to draw research inferences.
INTERNSHIPS EXPERIENCE
Aug 2024 - Present
Aug 2024 - Present
Apr 2022 - Nov 2023
Jun 2019 - Apr 2020
Program Coordinator & Session Moderator | Centre for Entrepreneurship | Ashoka University
Curated and moderated talks by engaging science professors with startup experience to inspire student interest in entrepreneurship.
Spearheaded social media campaigns to drive participation from pure science students in Ashoka's flagship competition - Startup Ashoka.
Independently compiled a comprehensive guide for pure science students, mapping startups within the ecosystem and highlighting cross-category overlaps to
facilitate easier entry into entrepreneurship.
Teaching Assistant | Centre for Entrepreneurship | Ashoka University
Streamlined logistics for visiting entrepreneurship professors, including travel coordination
Served as the primary liaison between the Centre for Entrepreneurship, faculty, and students.
Ensured the smooth operation of classes by overseeing the functionality of all necessary equipment.
Head of Student Research Group | Neuroethology Lab | Ashoka University
Co-authored a research paper on economic rationality, currently under peer review. 
Led a team of five student researchers investigating the decoy effect of economic rationality, in Dr. Bittu K. Rajaraman's Lab.
Coordinated total team data collection of 1000 + data points and statistical analysis using R software.
Head Girl | School Captain | Nasr Shool
Recommended and implemented new policies for junior and senior batches.
Served as President of the Space Club during this period.
Organized and hosted cultural festivals, fostering community engagement.
POSITIONS HELD
XL Annual Meeting of Indian Academy of Neurosciences (IAN) | Organized by: Indian Academy of Neurosciences (IAN) | Date: Dec 2023
Presented my research on economic rationality as the youngest presenter at the conference
CONFERENCES AND WORKSHOPS
Subjects / ElectivesCalculus, Discrete Mathematics,  Business Analysis and Strategy,  Venture Planning and Strategy
Kannada,Hindi,Tulu,English,Telugu
LANGUAGES KNOWN