

AARYAN NAGPAL
aaryan.nagpal_asp25@ashoka.edu.in, 20 years
9599799022
EDUCATION
P.G.D in Ashoka Scholars ProgramAshoka University2025/4 CGPA
B.Sc (Hons) in Computer ScienceAshoka UniversityAshoka University20243.65 /4 CGPA
CLASS XII in SCIENCEThe Scindia SchoolCBSE202196.1 %
Technical ProficiencyMachine Learning,Python3,Tensorflow,Keras,Pandas,NumPy,Rust,Git,C Programming,Django REST
HP INDIA | Software Developer InternJun 2022 - Nov 2024
MPHASIS | Research InternMay 2024 - Aug 2024
MAMMOTH ANALYTICS | Software Engineer InternJun 2024 - Jul 2024
 
Engineered tree-based and regression-based machine learning algorithms using NumPy and Pandas as part of a 3-member team to predict
support issues in printer logs and customer calls; elevating prediction accuracy from 50% to 80%, improving issue resolution capabilities.
Optimized an audit co-pilot using TensorFlow, HuggingFace Models, and BERT, boosting performance by 30% through automating the
audit process for 100+ customer call transcripts by streamlining tasks such as translation, emotional analysis, and similarity analysis.
Contributed to developing Python-Flask-based retrieval system to automate data extraction and updating for JSON-formatted databases,
enhancing performance by 35% by digitizing the manual assembly documentation process for HP products and reducing processing time.
 
Implemented an NLP-based query system using GraphDB and OpenAI, enabling efficient access to Indian food information from a
comprehensive knowledge graph for intelligent health, location, and finance-focused personal food consumption decision-making.
Optimized response times by reducing API calls to LLMs through SentenceTransformers for query matching with cached queries by 50%.
Integrated multilingual and visual/audio capabilities with Translate and Bhashini API to enhance user accessibility and experience.
 
Automated messaging-based data retrieveal tasks from CLI inputs using Boto for Zulip bots, increasing automation capabilities by 20%.
Developed and tested Python-based querying functions to ensure optimal performance and reliability within the Zulip application.
Redesigned message and argument parsing from CLI to Zulip bots, implementing formatting to streamline automation processes.
INTERNSHIPS EXPERIENCE
Jul 2024 - Present
May 2024 - Present
Jun 2023 - Jul 2023
Patient Care Pathway Analysis (Capstone Research Project) - Data Science and Healthcare  
Collaborating with Prof. Lipika Dey to analyze high-dimensional MIMIC-IV EHR data, creating dynamic patient-specific treatment
visualizations, and identifying key predictive features to improve early disease detection for further research in personalized healthcare.
Leveraging machine learning algorithms to model ideal patient behavior, providing insights for optimized care in cases of deviation.
Developing parsing modules for processing multi-structured EHRs, facilitating automated extraction of critical medical information.
Health Information Chatbot - Natural Language Processing and Healthcare  
Engineering a Health Information Retrieval Chatbot with Prof. Anirban Sen (PhD, IIT Delhi) using LLaMA 3.1 8B for medical experts.
Extracting data from health databases and large corpora to develop a comprehensive knowledge graph for efficient information retrieval.
Constructing a Neo4j-based graph database to host the knowledge graph with similarity-based features to enhance retrieval accuracy.
AgBot - Robotics  
Developed a mobile robot using Python and C++ on Arduino UNO, ESP32, and Raspberry Pi for agricultural research. Project Link
Designed and implemented a socket-based network for concurrent data transfer between server and client bots via Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
Analyzed the collected data to provide insights into soil quality and environmental factors for decision-making in farming projects.
PROJECTS
Jan 2024 - May 2024
Sep 2022 - Aug 2023
Sep 2022 - Aug 2023
Teaching Assistant | 1/50 selected | Ashoka University
Facilitated learning under Prof. Anirban Sen (PhD, IIT Delhi) for a class of 50+ students, focusing on algorithm design and analysis.
Implemented a grading rubric, assessed student performance, and led office hours and discussion sessions to guide student understanding.
Vice President | Founded | Special Olympics Bharat Ashoka Chapter
Led a team of 20+ students to launch a sports awareness campaign for children with special needs, collaborating with schools in Sonipat.
Orchestrated 5+ events for 100+ special needs children, including sports day celebrations, engaging 30+ volunteers & 100+ attendees.
Vice President | 1/20 selected | Ashoka Orators Club
Directed a team of 50+ members to create a speaking community of 300+ students on campus, executing events, and oration sessions.
Spearheaded 5+ events for students and faculty, such as the Faculty Debate & Student Speaker Series, attracting 200+ students per event.
POSITIONS HELD
2024
2024
Cum Laude | Ashoka University
Earned Cum Laude honors for exceptional academic achievement across semesters, awarded for maintaining a CGPA above 3.65.
Teaching Assistantship Excellence Award | Ashoka University
Commended for outstanding teaching assistance and student mentorship, selected from 30 TAs, by securing 5/5 student evaluation score.
AWARDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS